Documentation edits, troubleshooting. (#51)
AquaSat/AquaMatch_lakeSR: bookdown/01-Background.Rmd

publicly-available files for downstream use, storing a dataframe of Drive ids in
a .csv in the `c_collate_Landsat_data/out/` folder.

This group is either run completely or pulled from existing files based on
lakeSR general configuration file using the boolean `run_GEE` setting. If set to
`FALSE` a version date must be provided in the `collated_version` setting.
Additional guidance is provided in the README and general configuration file of
the lakeSR repository.

**d_qa_filter_sort:**

This {targets} list applies some rudimentary QA to the Landsat stacks and saves
them as sorted files locally. LS 4/9 are complete .csv files, LS 578 are broken
up by HUC2 for memory and space considerations. If `update_and_share` is set to
TRUE, the workflow will send dated, publicly available files to Google Drive and
save Drive file information in the `d_qa_filter_sort/out/` folder. If set to
FALSE, no files will be sent to Drive.

See Section \@ref(post-hoc-qa) for detailed methodology of this portion of the
workflow.

**e_caclculate_handoffs:**

> This {targets} group creates "matched" data for two different 'intermission
> handoff' methods that standardize the SR values relative to LS7 and to LS8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This {targets} group creates "matched" data for two different "intermission
handoff" methods that standardize the SR values relative to LS7 and to LS8.
```

Handoffs are visualized and are saved as tables for use downstream in this
group. Corrections are calculated for all neighboring missions, even if not
explicitly used downstream (e.g. LS 4/5 and LS 8/9).

See Section \@ref(define-handoff) for detailed methodology of this portion of
the workflow.

**y_siteSR_targets:**

This {targets} group pulls information from the siteSR workflow to use in the

> Bookdown. If the configuration setting `update_bookown` is set to FALSE, this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bookdown. If the configuration setting `update_bookown` is set to FALSE, this
```
